# Python-Challenge

## Background

It's time to put away the Excel sheet and enter the world of programming with Python. In this assignment, you'll use the concepts you've learned to complete two Python challenges, PyBank and PyPoll. Both tasks present a real-world situation where your newly developed Python scripting skills come in handy.



### Pybank Instructions

In this Challenge, students were tasked with creating a Python script to analyze the financial records of your company. Students were given a financial dataset called budget_data.csv. The dataset is composed of two columns: "Date" and "Profit/Losses". 

The task was to create a Python script that analyzes the records to calculate each of the following values:
   <li> The total number of months included in the dataset </li>
   <li> The net total amount of "Profit/Losses" over the entire period </li>
   <li> The changes in "Profit/Losses" over the entire period, and then the average of those changes </li>
   <li> The greatest increase in profits (date and amount) over the entire period </li>
   <li> The greatest decrease in profits (date and amount) over the entire period </li>



### PyPoll Instructions

In this Challenge, students were tasked with helping a small, rural town modernize its vote-counting process. Students were given a set of poll data called election_data.csv. The dataset is composed of three columns: "Voter ID", "County", and "Candidate". 

The task was to create a Python script that analyzes the votes and calculates each of the following values:
   <li> The total number of votes cast </li>
   <li> A complete list of candidates who received votes </li>
   <li> The percentage of votes each candidate won </li>
   <li> The total number of votes each candidate won </li>
   <li> The winner of the election based on popular vote </li>
   


## References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.





